Add Grafana Cloud provider (#3)
form3tech-oss/terraform-provider-grafanacloud: examples/README.md

# Examples

This directory contains examples that are mostly used for documentation, but can also be run/tested manually via the Terraform CLI.

A full example can be found in directory **full/**.

> The document generation tool looks for files in the following locations by default. All other *.tf files besides the ones mentioned below are ignored by the documentation tool. This is useful for creating examples that can run and/or ar testable even if some parts are not relevant for the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The document generation tool (`tfplugindocs`) looks for files in the following locations by default. All other *.tf files besides the ones mentioned below are ignored by the documentation tool. Other examples are included (i.e `./full/`) that serve as additional documentation, although not used by the documentation tool.```

> The document generation tool (`tfplugindocs`) looks for files in the following locations by default. All other *.tf files besides the ones mentioned below are ignored by the documentation tool. Other examples are included (i.e `./full/`) that serve as additional documentation, although not used by the documentation tool.```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The document generation tool (`tfplugindocs`) looks for files in the following locations by default. All other *.tf files besides the ones mentioned below are ignored by the documentation tool. Other examples are included (i.e `./full/`) that serve as additional documentation, although not used by the documentation tool.
```
